## dev
- nothing yet :)

## 1.4.2 - 2009-10-30
- 5e6f548da1 (NEW: Lightbox effect (requested by @kekoponte))
- 7bdaeb11b2 (NEW: Added two new commands to export current page and export all pages that ask you for the file location (requested by @plumilla))
- 3177531edf (NEW: Command to add a number in front of the page name, according to its order in the page panel.)

## 1.4.1 - 2009-10-29
- 0b283de113 (Added missing documentation)
- 3210ae8c3d (Fixed a small omission in the Export commands: the file need to be saved before exporting pages. Now, a friendly reminder is displayed when you try to run the commands on an unsaved document :))
- 901c4e157e (Use Page.vertical_trim for Page trim commands. Fixes a bug when trimming pages with locked objects)

## 1.4.0 - 2009-10-28
- a64e4ed152 (Updated documentation system)

## 1.3.6
- 0d6274cf62 (Added support for Symbol instances in Color » Fill Color command. Symbols are colored by using a Color Fill effect.)
- 62d4226aba (FIXED: "Color » Fill Color" didn't work when the current selection's fill was set to 'None')
- f63bc11cbd (Nicer docs: Documented the Text » Disable Antialias command and corrected the Export » All Pages as PNG 24 command)

## 1.3.5
- "Pages » Vertical Trim" command
- "Pages » Vertical Trim All Pages" command
- "Text » Join"
- "Text » Join with..."
- Fixed: "Export » All Pages..." now works when the document filename has spaces.
- API:
  - Added `Pages.each()` function
  - Added `Document.path()` function
  - Added `Document.export_in(path)` function
  - Added `Array.each()`
  - Added `Document.set_export_as_png_24()`

## 1.3.4
- Added "Export » All Pages as PNG 24" command

## 1.3.3

- Fixed a nasty bug with multiselection resizes.
- Added "Set Page Name" command.
- Files in "Export » Current Page as PNG 24" are saved in the same folder as the original PNG file, using the page name as suffix.
- 32665a05cd (Fixes a weird bug that happened when resizing single objects after resizing groups. It's hard to explain it writing, but it sucked :P)

## 1.3.1
- 7631336efd (Bugfix: pressing 'Esc' to dismiss the Set Size prompt no longer throws an error.)
- 0bdfbfc304 (Added 'Set Page Name' command, because I *hate* writing on the Pages panel.)
- ed4d50c7cb (Store exported flat files in the same folder as the source PNG files.)

## 1.3
- Released in sofanaranja.com